{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2057\f0\fs20NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
IBM Integration Bus Healthcare Pack V4.0\par
IBM Integration Bus Healthcare Pack Type 1 High Monitoring Bed\par
IBM Integration Bus Healthcare Pack Type 1 Medium Monitoring Bed\par
IBM Integration Bus Healthcare Pack Type 1 Low Monitoring Bed\par
\par
The IBM license agreement and any applicable information on the web\par
download page for IBM products refers Licensee to this file for details\par
concerning notices applicable to code included in the products listed\par
above ("the Program").\par
\par
Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any other agreement Licensee\par
may have with IBM or any of its related or affiliated entities\par
(collectively "IBM"), the third party code identified below is subject\par
to the terms and conditions of the IBM license agreement for the Program\par
and not the license terms that may be contained in the notices below.\par
The notices are provided for informational purposes.\par
\par
Please note: This Notices file may identify information that is not used\par
by, or that was not shipped with, the Program as Licensee installed it.\par
\par
IMPORTANT: IBM does not represent or warrant that the information in this\par
NOTICES file is accurate. Third party websites are independent of IBM and\par
IBM does not represent or warrant that the information on any third party\par
website referenced in this NOTICES file is accurate. IBM disclaims any\par
and all liability for errors and omissions or for any damages accruing\par
from the use of this NOTICES file or its contents, including without\par
limitation URLs or references to any third party websites.\par
\par
===================================================================\par
\par
THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS IDENTIFY VARIOUS COMPONENTS CONTAINED IN THE PROGRAM IDENTIFIED ABOVE, AND SPECIFY CERTAIN NOTICES AND OTHER INFORMATION REGARDING THOSE COMPONENTS THAT IBM IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE TO YOU. \par
\par
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY PROVISION CONTAINED IN ANY OF THE NOTICES AND OTHER INFORMATION SET FORTH BELOW, YOUR USE OF THESE PROGRAM COMPONENTS REMAINS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN: \par
\par
 (i) THE PROGRAM'S LICENSE INFORMATION DOCUMENT; AND \par
(ii) THE IBM LICENSE AGREEMENT SPECIFIED IN THAT LICENSE INFORMATION DOCUMENT.\par
\par
===================================================================\par
\par
===================================================================\par
A. SUMMARY (The specific Notices that relate to the following numbered sections A.1 - A.1 are to be found in sections C.1 - C.1 below in this Notices file.)\par
===================================================================\par
\par
A.1 Boost License\par
* Boost 1.42\par
\par
A.2 HL7 CDA Schemas\par
* redistribution of HL7 CDA schemas used to help access the information\par
held on the Clinical Document in XML format.\par
\par
A.3 Dicom Toolkit\par
* Dicom Toolkit DCM4CHE 2.0.26\par
\par
A.4 Simple Logging Framework for Java\par
* SLF4J V1.6.1\par
\par
A.5 IHE Profiles\par
* IHEProfiles-2.0\par
\par
A.6 Apache Components\par
* commons-codec-1.7\par
* commons-httpclient-3.0.1\par
* commons-lang-2.6\par
* commons-logging-1.1.1\par
* log4j-1.2.17\par
\par
A.7 IBM Dojo Toolkit\par
* Dojo Toolkit 1.8 \par
* Apache License Version 2.0\par
* CSS Styles from  Yahoo Widget Library\par
* Firebug Lite Files\par
* Unicode CLDR Data Files\par
* Json.php\par
* ICU4J\par
* US map data\par
* Shrinksafe under Mozilla Public License Version 1.1\par
\par
\par
\par
==================================================================\par
END OF A.SUMMARY\par
==================================================================\par
\par
\par
==================================================================\par
B. OTHER PROVISIONS\par
==================================================================\par
\par
None\par
\par
==================================================================\par
END OF B.OTHER PROVISIONS\par
==================================================================\par
\par
\par
==================================================================\par
C. LICENSE FILES AND OTHER INFORMATION\par
==================================================================\par
\par
==================================================================\par
C.1 Boost License\par
==================================================================\par
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:\par
\par
The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
==================================================================\par
C.2 HL7 CDA Schema\par
==================================================================\par
This product includes software developed by Health Level Seven.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY HEALTH LEVEL SEVEN, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR USINESS iNTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
==================================================================\par
C.3 Dicom Toolkit DCM4CHE \par
==================================================================\par
Mozilla Public License Version 1.1\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
1.0.1. "Commercial Use"\par
    means distribution or otherwise making the Covered Code available to a third party. \par
1.1. "Contributor"\par
    means each entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications. \par
1.2. "Contributor Version"\par
    means the combination of the Original Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor. \par
1.3. "Covered Code"\par
    means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof. \par
1.4. "Electronic Distribution Mechanism"\par
    means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data. \par
1.5. "Executable"\par
    means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code. \par
1.6. "Initial Developer"\par
    means the individual or entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A. \par
1.7. "Larger Work"\par
    means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License. \par
1.8. "License"\par
    means this document. \par
1.8.1. "Licensable"\par
    means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein. \par
1.9. "Modifications"\par
\par
    means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications. When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a Modification is:\par
\par
        Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications.\par
        Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications. \par
\par
1.10. "Original Code"\par
    means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License. \par
1.10.1. "Patent Claims"\par
    means any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter acquired, including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor. \par
1.11. "Source Code"\par
    means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable, or source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice. The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge. \par
1.12. "You" (or "Your")\par
    means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1. For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity. \par
\par
2. Source Code License.\par
2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.\par
\par
The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims:\par
\par
    under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, and/or as part of a Larger Work; and\par
    under Patents Claims infringed by the making, using or selling of Original Code, to make, have made, use, practice, sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the Original Code (or portions thereof).\par
    the licenses granted in this Section 2.1 (a) and (b) are effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes Original Code under the terms of this License.\par
    Notwithstanding Section 2.1 (b) above, no patent license is granted: 1) for code that You delete from the Original Code; 2) separate from the Original Code; or 3) for infringements caused by: i) the modification of the Original Code or ii) the combination of the Original Code with other software or devices. \par
\par
2.2. Contributor Grant.\par
\par
Subject to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license\par
\par
    under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Contributor, to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code and/or as part of a Larger Work; and\par
    under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or selling of Modifications made by that Contributor either alone and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of: 1) Modifications made by that Contributor (or portions thereof); and 2) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination).\par
    the licenses granted in Sections 2.2 (a) and 2.2 (b) are effective on the date Contributor first makes Commercial Use of the Covered Code.\par
    Notwithstanding Section 2.2 (b) above, no patent license is granted: 1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the Contributor Version; 2) separate from the Contributor Version; 3) for infringements caused by: i) third party modifications of Contributor Version or ii) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with other software (except as part of the Contributor Version) or other devices; or 4) under Patent Claims infringed by Covered Code in the absence of Modifications made by that Contributor. \par
\par
3. Distribution Obligations.\par
3.1. Application of License.\par
\par
The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation Section 2.2. The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute. You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder. However, You may include an additional document offering the additional rights described in Section 3.5.\par
3.2. Availability of Source Code.\par
\par
Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12) months after the date it initially became available, or at least six (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification has been made available to such recipients. You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party.\par
3.3. Description of Modifications.\par
\par
You must cause all Covered Code to which You contribute to contain a file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change. You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code.\par
3.4. Intellectual Property Matters\par
(a) Third Party Claims\par
\par
If Contributor has knowledge that a license under a third party's intellectual property rights is required to exercise the rights granted by such Contributor under Sections 2.1 or 2.2, Contributor must include a text file with the Source Code distribution titled "LEGAL" which describes the claim and the party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will know whom to contact. If Contributor obtains such knowledge after the Modification is made available as described in Section 3.2, Contributor shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies Contributor makes available thereafter and shall take other steps (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered Code that new knowledge has been obtained.\par
(b) Contributor APIs\par
\par
If Contributor's Modifications include an application programming interface and Contributor has knowledge of patent licenses which are reasonably necessary to implement that API, Contributor must also include this information in the legal file.\par
(c) Representations.\par
\par
Contributor represents that, except as disclosed pursuant to Section 3.4 (a) above, Contributor believes that Contributor's Modifications are Contributor's original creation(s) and/or Contributor has sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.\par
3.5. Required Notices.\par
\par
You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code. If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source Code file due to its structure, then You must include such notice in a location (such as a relevant directory) where a user would be likely to look for such a notice. If You created one or more Modification(s) You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A. You must also duplicate this License in any documentation for the Source Code where You describe recipients' rights or ownership rights relating to Covered Code. You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code. However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear than any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.\par
3.6. Distribution of Executable Versions.\par
\par
You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2. The notice must be conspicuously included in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the Covered Code. You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code or ownership rights under a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License. If You distribute the Executable version under a different license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer.\par
3.7. Larger Works.\par
\par
You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code.\par
4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation.\par
\par
If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute, judicial order, or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description must be included in the legal file described in Section 3.4 and must be included with all distributions of the Source Code. Except to the extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it.\par
5. Application of this License.\par
\par
This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has attached the notice in Exhibit A and to related Covered Code.\par
6. Versions of the License.\par
6.1. New Versions\par
\par
Netscape Communications Corporation ("Netscape") may publish revised and/or new versions of the License from time to time. Each version will be given a distinguishing version number.\par
6.2. Effect of New Versions\par
\par
Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that version. You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape. No one other than Netscape has the right to modify the terms applicable to Covered Code created under this License.\par
6.3. Derivative Works\par
\par
If You create or use a modified version of this License (which you may only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code governed by this License), You must (a) rename Your license so that the phrases "Mozilla", "MOZILLAPL", "MOZPL", "Netscape", "MPL", "NPL" or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear in your license (except to note that your license differs from this License) and (b) otherwise make it clear that Your version of the license contains terms which differ from the Mozilla Public License and Netscape Public License. (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License.)\par
7. Disclaimer of warranty\par
\par
Covered code is provided under this license on an "as is" basis, without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, without limitation, warranties that the covered code is free of defects, merchantable, fit for a particular purpose or non-infringing. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the covered code is with you. Should any covered code prove defective in any respect, you (not the initial developer or any other contributor) assume the cost of any necessary servicing, repair or correction. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential part of this license. No use of any covered code is authorized hereunder except under this disclaimer.\par
8. Termination\par
\par
8.1. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall survive any termination of this License. Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive.\par
\par
8.2. If You initiate litigation by asserting a patent infringement claim (excluding declatory judgment actions) against Initial Developer or a Contributor (the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom You file such action is referred to as "Participant") alleging that:\par
\par
    such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then any and all rights granted by such Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License shall, upon 60 days notice from Participant terminate prospectively, unless if within 60 days after receipt of notice You either: (i) agree in writing to pay Participant a mutually agreeable reasonable royalty for Your past and future use of Modifications made by such Participant, or (ii) withdraw Your litigation claim with respect to the Contributor Version against such Participant. If within 60 days of notice, a reasonable royalty and payment arrangement are not mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties or the litigation claim is not withdrawn, the rights granted by Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 automatically terminate at the expiration of the 60 day notice period specified above.\par
    any software, hardware, or device, other than such Participant's Contributor Version, directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then any rights granted to You by such Participant under Sections 2.1(b) and 2.2(b) are revoked effective as of the date You first made, used, sold, distributed, or had made, Modifications made by that Participant. \par
\par
8.3. If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant alleging that such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly infringes any patent where such claim is resolved (such as by license or settlement) prior to the initiation of patent infringement litigation, then the reasonable value of the licenses granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be taken into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or license.\par
\par
8.4. In the event of termination under Sections 8.1 or 8.2 above, all end user license agreements (excluding distributors and resellers) which have been validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder prior to termination shall survive termination.\par
9. Limitation of liability\par
\par
Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, whether tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall you, the initial developer, any other contributor, or any distributor of covered code, or any supplier of any of such parties, be liable to any person for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character including, without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses, even if such party shall have been informed of the possibility of such damages. This limitation of liability shall not apply to liability for death or personal injury resulting from such party's negligence to the extent applicable law prohibits such limitation. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so this exclusion and limitation may not apply to you.\par
10. U.S. government end users\par
\par
The Covered Code is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those rights set forth herein.\par
11. Miscellaneous\par
\par
This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. This License shall be governed by California law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law provisions. With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of, or an entity chartered or registered to do business in the United States of America, any litigation relating to this License shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern District of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County, California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License.\par
12. Responsibility for claims\par
\par
As between Initial Developer and the Contributors, each party is responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly, out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.\par
13. Multiple-licensed code\par
\par
Initial Developer may designate portions of the Covered Code as "Multiple-Licensed". "Multiple-Licensed" means that the Initial Developer permits you to utilize portions of the Covered Code under Your choice of the MPL or the alternative licenses, if any, specified by the Initial Developer in the file described in Exhibit A.\par
Exhibit A - Mozilla Public License.\par
\par
"The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License\par
Version 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in\par
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
\par
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS"\par
basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the\par
License for the specific language governing rights and limitations\par
under the License.\par
\par
The Original Code is ______________________________________.\par
\par
The Initial Developer of the Original Code is ________________________.\par
Portions created by ______________________ are Copyright (C) ______\par
_______________________. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
Contributor(s): ______________________________________.\par
\par
Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms\par
of the _____ license (the  "[___] License"), in which case the\par
provisions of [______] License are applicable instead of those\par
above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
under the terms of the [____] License and not to allow others to use\par
your version of this file under the MPL, indicate your decision by\par
deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice and\par
other provisions required by the [___] License. If you do not delete\par
the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file\par
under either the MPL or the [___] License."\par
\par
NOTE: The text of this Exhibit A may differ slightly from the text of the notices in the Source Code files of the Original Code. You should use the text of this Exhibit A rather than the text found in the Original Code Source Code for Your Modifications. \par
==================================================================\par
C.4 Simple Logging Framework for Java\par
==================================================================\par
The MIT License (MIT)\par
\par
Copyright (c) <year> <copyright holders>\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
==================================================================\par
C.5 IHE Profiles\par
==================================================================\par
Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0 (EPL-1.0)\par
\par
(plain text)\par
\par
THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS ECLIPSE PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
\par
1. DEFINITIONS\par
\par
"Contribution" means:\par
\par
    a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and documentation distributed under this Agreement, and\par
    b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor:\par
    i) changes to the Program, and\par
    ii) additions to the Program; \par
\par
where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.\par
\par
"Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program.\par
\par
"Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program.\par
\par
"Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this Agreement.\par
\par
"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement, including all Contributors.\par
\par
2. GRANT OF RIGHTS\par
\par
    a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form.\par
    b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any other combinations which include the Contribution. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder.\par
    c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the Program.\par
    d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license set forth in this Agreement. \par
\par
3. REQUIREMENTS\par
\par
A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its own license agreement, provided that:\par
\par
    a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and\par
    b) its license agreement:\par
    i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;\par
    ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits;\par
    iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and\par
    iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange. \par
\par
When the Program is made available in source code form:\par
\par
    a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and\par
    b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program. \par
\par
Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright notices contained within the Program.\par
\par
Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution.\par
\par
4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such claim at its own expense.\par
\par
For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor must pay those damages.\par
\par
5. NO WARRANTY\par
\par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement , including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations.\par
\par
6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY\par
\par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
7. GENERAL\par
\par
If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.\par
\par
If Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive.\par
\par
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement, but in order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and may only be modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward reserves the right to publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time. No one other than the Agreement Steward has the right to modify this Agreement. The Eclipse Foundation is the initial Agreement Steward. The Eclipse Foundation may assign the responsibility to serve as the Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.\par
\par
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation. \par
\par
==================================================================\par
C.6 Apache Components\par
==================================================================\par
Apache License, Version 2.0\par
\par
Apache License\par
Version 2.0, January 2004\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/\par
\par
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.\par
\par
"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License.\par
\par
"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License.\par
\par
"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.\par
\par
"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.\par
\par
"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).\par
\par
"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.\par
\par
"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."\par
\par
"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work.\par
\par
2. Grant of Copyright License.\par
\par
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.\par
\par
3. Grant of Patent License.\par
\par
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
4. Redistribution.\par
\par
You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:\par
\par
    You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License; and\par
    You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and\par
    You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and\par
    If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License.\par
\par
You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.\par
\par
5. Submission of Contributions.\par
\par
Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.\par
\par
6. Trademarks.\par
\par
This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.\par
\par
7. Disclaimer of Warranty.\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.\par
\par
8. Limitation of Liability.\par
\par
In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability.\par
\par
While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.\par
\par
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work\par
\par
    To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!) The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives.\par
\par
       Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]\par
\par
       Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
       you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
       You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
       Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
       distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
       WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
       See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
       limitations under the License.\par
\par
\par
==================================================================\par
C.7 Dojo Toolkit 1.8\par
\par
==================================================================\par
\par
_______________________________________________________\par
\par
\par
DOJO TOOLKIT: The Program includes the Dojo Toolkit 1.8 software which IBM\par
obtained under the terms and conditions of the following license:\par
 \par
 \par
Copyright (c) 2005-2013, The Dojo Foundation\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
    list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
  * Neither the name of the Dojo Foundation nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
======================================================================\par
APACHE CODE. The Program includes all or portions of the following \par
software which IBM obtained under the terms and conditions of the Apache License Version \par
2.0, January 2004.  This software may also consist of voluntary contributions made by \par
many individuals to the Apache Software Foundation.  For more information on the Apache \par
Software Foundation, please see http://www.apache.org:\par
\par
*\tab OpenAjax.js  Open Ajax hub 1.0 library\par
*\tab Util/less  Less.js 1.1.4 library\par
\par
IBM is required to provide you, as the recipient of such software, \par
with a copy of the following license notice from the Apache Software \par
Foundation:  \par
\par
Apache License\par
Version 2.0, January 2004\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/\par
\par
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, \par
and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.\par
\par
"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the \par
copyright owner that is granting the License.\par
\par
"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other \par
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control \par
with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means \par
(i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or \par
management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) \par
ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or \par
(iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising \par
permissions granted by this License.\par
\par
"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, \par
including but not limited to software source code, documentation \par
source, and configuration files.\par
\par
"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical \par
transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not \par
limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and \par
conversions to other media types.\par
\par
"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object \par
form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright \par
notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is \par
provided in the Appendix below).\par
\par
"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object \par
form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the \par
editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications \par
represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the \par
purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works \par
that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the \par
interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.\par
\par
"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the \par
original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to \par
that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted \par
to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an \par
individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the \par
copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" \par
means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to \par
the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to \par
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control \par
systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf \par
of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, \par
but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise \par
designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."\par
\par
"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity \par
on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and \par
subsequently incorporated within the Work.\par
\par
2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of \par
this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, \par
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable \par
copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly \par
display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and \par
such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.\par
\par
3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of \par
this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, \par
worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except \par
as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,  use, \par
offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where \par
such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such \par
Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) \par
alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to \par
which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent \par
litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim \par
in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated \par
within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent \par
infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You under this \par
License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation \par
is filed.\par
\par
4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work \par
or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without \par
modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet \par
the following conditions:\par
\par
     (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative \par
     Works a copy of this License; and\par
\par
     (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices \par
     stating that You changed the files; and\par
\par
     (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works \par
     that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and \par
     attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding \par
     those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative \par
     Works; and\par
\par
     (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its \par
     distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must \par
     include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained \par
     within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not \par
     pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of \par
     the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as \par
     part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or \par
     documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, \par
     within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and \par
     wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents \par
     of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not \par
     modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices \par
     within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an \par
     addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such \par
     additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying \par
     the License.\par
\par
You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may \par
provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, \par
reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such \par
Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and \par
distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated \par
in this License.\par
\par
5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, \par
any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by \par
You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this \par
License, without any additional terms or conditions.  Notwithstanding \par
the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any \par
separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor \par
regarding such Contributions.\par
\par
6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade \par
names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, \par
except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the \par
origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.\par
\par
7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed \par
to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor \par
provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR \par
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without \par
limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, \par
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely \par
responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or \par
redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your \par
exercise of permissions under this License.\par
\par
8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, \par
whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless \par
required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent \par
acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You \par
for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or \par
consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this \par
License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but \par
not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer \par
failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or \par
losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility \par
of such damages.\par
\par
9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing \par
the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and \par
charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other \par
liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. \par
However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own \par
behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other \par
Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each \par
Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted \par
against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such \par
warranty or additional liability.\par
\par
END OF APACHE NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
======================================================================\par
CSS Styles from Yahoo Widget Library.  The Program includes all or portions of the \par
following software which was obtained under the terms and conditions of the BSD License.\par
\par
CSS Styles from  Yahoo Widget Library Library\par
Copyright (c) 2006, Yahoo! Inc.\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use of this software in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of \par
conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of \par
conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * Neither the name of Yahoo! Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to \par
endorse or promote products derived from this software without \par
specific prior written permission of Yahoo! Inc. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY \par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF \par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL \par
THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, \par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT \par
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR \par
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS \par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
END OF CSS Styles from Yahoo Widget Library NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
======================================================================\par
Firebug Lite Files.  The Program includes all or portions of the following \par
software which was obtained under the terms and conditions of the \par
BSD License.\par
\par
firebug.html, firebug.js, errIcon.png, infoIcon.png, warningIcon.png:\par
\tab\tab   Distributed under the terms of the BSD License (see below)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006-2007, Joe Hewitt\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
\tab list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
\tab this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
\tab and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
  * Neither the name of the Dojo Foundation nor the names of its contributors\par
\tab may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
\tab without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
END OF FIREBUG LITE FILES NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
======================================================================\par
Unicode CLDR Data Files.  The Program includes data files\par
which were obtained under the terms and conditions of the following license.\par
 \par
\par
UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE\par
\par
Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories \par
http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, \par
and http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/ . \par
Unicode Software includes any source code published in the Unicode Standard or under the \par
directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and \par
http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/.\par
\par
NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, \par
COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S DATA FILES ("DATA FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE \par
("SOFTWARE"), YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND \par
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, \par
DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
Copyright (c) 1991-2007 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed under the Terms of \par
Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the \par
Unicode data files and any associated  documentation (the "Data Files") or Unicode \par
software and any associated documentation (the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or \par
Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, \par
modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell \par
copies of the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files or \par
Software are furnished to do so, provided  that (a) the above copyright notice(s) and \par
this permission notice appear with all copies of the Data Files or Software, (b) both the \par
above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in associated documentation, \par
and (c) there is clear notice in each modified Data File or in the Software as well as in \par
the documentation associated with the Data File(s) or Software that the data or software \par
has been modified.\par
THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS \par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A \par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE \par
COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY \par
SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS \par
OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS \par
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR \par
SOFTWARE.\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in \par
advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in these Data Files \par
or Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
\par
END OF UNICODE CLDR DATA FILES NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
======================================================================\par
Json.php  is used in a number of test cases and redistributed under terms of the New BSD \par
License.  Note that this content is not governed by the JSON license (good vs evil) from \par
JSON.org (http://www.json.org/license.html). \par
copyright (c) 2005 Michal Migurski\par
\par
\par
dojox/lang/functional.js - parts of this module (most notably lamda, constFun, invoke, \par
pluck, and partial) are based on work by Oliver Steele \par
(http://osteele.com/sources/javascript/functional/functional.js)\par
which was published under MIT License\par
\par
Javascript language helper functions: The Program includes all or portions of the \par
following software which was obtained under the terms and conditions of the MIT \par
License.\par
\par
dojox/lang/functional.js\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Oliver Steele\par
\par
util/buildscripts/jslib/packer/base2.js, Packer.js, Word.js\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Dean Edwards\par
\par
Dojox/highlight/_base2.js\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Ivan Sagalaev\par
\par
The MIT License\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of \par
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in \par
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to \par
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of \par
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, \par
subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all \par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR \par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS \par
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR \par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER \par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN \par
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
END OF Javascript language helper functions   \par
\par
======================================================================\par
The following license covers ICU4J.  No parts of ICU4J ship with Dojo; however, \par
the Hebrew date support is ported from ICU4J (as a derivative work):\par
ICU License - ICU 1.8.1 and later\par
\par
COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995-2009 International Business Machines Corporation and others\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of \par
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in \par
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to \par
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the \par
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, \par
provided that the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in \par
all copies of the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this \par
permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR \par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS \par
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT \par
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY \par
CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES \par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF \par
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION \par
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be \par
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in \par
this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
\par
All trademarks and registered trademarks mentioned herein are the property of \par
their respective owners.\par
\par
======================================================================\par
The following license covers US map data in <dojo-directory>/dojox/geo/charting \par
\par
\tab Are there legal restrictions on access or use of the data?\par
\par
\tab\tab Access_Constraints: None \par
\tab\tab Use_Constraints: \par
\tab\tab\tab None. Acknowledgment of the National Atlas of the United \par
States \par
\tab\tab\tab of America and (or) the U.S. Geological Survey would be \par
\tab\tab\tab appreciated in products derived from these data. \par
\par
\tab 1. Who distributes the data set? (Distributor 1 of 1)\par
\par
\tab\tab Earth Science Information Center, U.S. Geological Survey\par
\tab\tab 507 National Center\par
\tab\tab Reston, VA 20192\par
\par
\tab\tab 1-888-ASK-USGS (1-888-275-8747) (voice)\par
\par
\par
\tab\tab Contact_Instructions: \par
\tab\tab\tab In addition to the address above there are other ESIC \par
offices throughout the \tab\par
\tab\tab\tab country. A full list of these offices is at \par
\tab\tab\tab <http://mapping.usgs.gov/esic/esic_index.html>. \par
\par
\tab 2. What's the catalog number I need to order this data set?\par
\par
\tab 3. What legal disclaimers am I supposed to read?\par
\par
\tab\tab Although these data have been processed successfully on a \par
computer system \par
\tab\tab at the U.S. Geological Survey, no warranty expressed or implied \par
is made by the U.S. Geological Survey regarding\par
\tab\tab the utility of the data on any other system, nor shall the act of \par
distribution constitute any such warranty. No\par
\tab\tab responsibility is assumed by the U.S. Geological Survey in the \par
use of these data.\par
\par
\tab 4. How can I download or order the data?\par
\par
\tab\tab Availability in digital form:\par
\tab\tab\tab\par
\tab\tab Data format: ESRI Shapefile  \par
\tab\tab Network links: <http://nationalatlas.gov/atlasftp.html>\par
 \par
\tab\tab Data format: SDTS  \par
\tab\tab Network links: <http://nationalatlas.gov/atlasftp.html>\par
 \par
\par
\tab\tab Cost to order the data: \par
\par
\tab\tab There is no charge for the online option. For National Atlas \par
files ordered on CD-ROM \par
\tab\tab there is a base price of $45.00 per disc, a handling fee of \par
$5.00, and a per-file \par
\tab\tab charge based on file size. The charge for files less than 10 \par
megabytes in size is \par
\tab\tab $1.00. The charge for files that range in size from 10 to 150 \par
megabytes is $7.50. The \par
\tab\tab charge for files of 150 megabytes or larger is $15.00. The charge \par
is $7.50 for the \par
\tab\tab Major Roads of the United States data set.\par
\par
\par
\tab\tab Special instructions:\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab To order files on CD-ROM, please see \par
<http://nationalatlas.gov/atlasftp.html#q12>. \par
\par
======================================================================\par
The following license covers non US map data in <dojo-\par
directory>/dojox/geo/charting \par
\par
\par
Public Domain. All versions of Natural Earth raster + vector map data found on \par
this website are in the public domain.\par
You may use the maps in any manner, including modifying the content and design, \par
electronic dissemination, and offset\par
printing. The primary authors, Tom Patterson and Nathaniel Vaughn Kelso, and all \par
other contributors renounce all\par
financial claim to the maps and invites you to use them for personal, \par
educational, and commercial purposes.\par
\par
No permission is needed to use Natural Earth. Crediting the authors is \par
unnecessary.\par
\par
However, if you wish to cite the map data, simply use one of the following.\par
\par
Short text: Made with Natural Earth.\par
\par
Long text: Made with Natural Earth. Free vector and raster map data @ \par
naturalearthdata.com.\par
\par
All users of Natural Earth are highly encouraged to read about data sources and \par
manipulation in the Data Creation section.\par
\par
The authors provide Natural Earth as a public service and are not responsible \par
for any problems relating to accuracy,\par
content, design, and how it is used. If you find an error or omission, please \par
report it for future updates.\par
\par
The authors used data from The Washington Post, here is their release:\par
\par
    Natural Earth is hereby granted a non-exclusive license to use the data \par
being provided by The Washington Post for\par
    the sole purpose of creating a world base map.  The Washington Post makes no \par
claims as to the completeness, accuracy\par
    or content of the data, and makes no representation of any kind, including, \par
but not limited to, any warranty as to\par
    the accuracy or fitness of the data for a particular use (nor shall the act \par
of distribution constitute any such\par
    warranty). No responsibility is assumed by The Washington Post for any \par
claims arising out of Natural Earths use of\par
    the data.\par
\par
The authors used river and lake data (for Europe only) from the European \par
Commission, Joint Research Centre, Institute\par
for Environment and Sustainability, here is their release:\par
\par
    Natural Earth is hereby granted a non-exclusive license to use the data \par
being provided by European Commission, Joint\par
    Research Centre, Institute for Environment and Sustainability (JRC IES) for \par
the sole purpose of creating a world\par
    base map. The EC JRC IES makes no claims as to the completeness, accuracy or \par
content of the data, and makes no\par
    representation of any kind, including, but not limited to, any warranty as \par
to the accuracy or fitness of the data\par
    for a particular use (nor shall the act of distribution constitute any such \par
warranty). No responsibility is assumed\par
    by EC JRC IES for any claims arising out of Natural Earths use of the data.\par
\par
The authors used road transportation data (for North America only) from XNR \par
Productions, here is their release:\par
\par
    Natural Earth is hereby granted a non-exclusive license to use the data \par
being provided by XNR Productions for the\par
    sole purpose of creating a world base map. XNR makes no claims as to the \par
completeness, accuracy or content of the\par
    data, and makes no representation of any kind, including, but not limited \par
to, any warranty as to the accuracy or\par
    fitness of the data for a particular use (nor shall the act of distribution \par
constitute any such warranty). No\par
    responsibility is assumed by XNR for any claims arising out of Natural \par
Earths use of the data.\par
\par
Happy mapping!\par
\par
======================================================================\par
The following will be added to the notices file for Shrinksafe (and called out \par
in the DOU for Dojo):\par
\par
The Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 covers the optional Shrinksafe build \par
tool, and Mozilla Rhino 1.7r2 which is redistributed with that tool.  Shrinksafe \par
contains modified files from Mozilla Rhino covered under Mozilla Public License \par
Version 1.1.  The source code for these modifications has been made available at \par
the public Dojo svn repository at http://www.dojotoolkit.org.  \par
\par
The Shrinksafe tool requires use of Mozilla Rhino 1.6r7 or higher in order to \par
run.  We are relying on the separate DD Checklist already approved for the Rhino \par
1.7R2 jar. The version of Rhino that will be redistributed with the Shrinksafe \par
package by default is the approved version of Mozilla Rhino 1.7r2.\par
\par
\par
END OF DOJO TOOLKIT NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
_______________________________________________________\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
==================================================================\par
END OF C. LICENSE FILES AND OTHER AND OTHER INFORMATION\par
=================================================================\par
\par
END OF NOTICES AND INFORMATION RELATING TO:\par
IBM Integration Bus Healthcare Pack V4.0 \par
IBM Integration Bus Healthcare Pack Type 1 High Monitoring Bed\par
IBM Integration Bus Healthcare Pack Type 1 Medium Monitoring Bed\par
IBM Integration Bus Healthcare Pack Type 1 Low Monitoring Bed\par
\par
L/N:  L-ACRR-9TCKT7\par
D/N:  L-ACRR-9TCKT7\par
P/N:  L-ACRR-9TCKT7 \par
}
 